
Evaluation for homework 03: Dice Game

Die, DiceSet, and HighRoll Program
Includes running DieAndDiceSetTestHarness
Includes running automated HighRoll tests
=========================================

A total of one point each for the following:

class Die         : Exists, coding style acceptable   - 1 point
constructor       : works                             - 1 point
roll              : works                             - 0 points
getValue          : works                             - 1 point
setSides          : works                             - 1 point
instan. toString  : works                             - 1 point
class toString    : works                             - 1 point
main for testing  : Exists, with some tests in it     - 1 point

class DiceSet     : Exists, coding style acceptable   - 1 point
constructor       : works                             - 1 point
sum               : works                             - 1 point
roll              : works                             - 0 points
rollIndividual    : works                             - 1 point
getIndividual     : works                             - 1 point
instan. toString  : works                             - 1 point
class toString    : works                             - 1 point
isIdentical       : works                             - 0 points
main for testing  : Exists, with some tests in it     - 1 point

class HighRoll    : Exists, coding style acceptable   - 0 points
TUI:              : works, all options present        - 0 points
option 1 roll all : works                             - 0 points
option 2 roll one : works                             - 0 points
option 3 sum      : works                             - 0 points
option 4 save     : works                             - 0 points
option 5 display  : works                             - 0 points
option 6 quit     : works                             - 0 points

Files in Git      : all three present                 - 0 points
Test Harness      : passes all evaluation tests       - 1 point
HighRoll          : passes all evaluation tests       - 0 points

Total 16 out of 30 = 53.33% which is an F

Comments: Roll method is broken, parenthesis not present so always rolls a 1. Variable "tempBoolean" should be "temporaryBoolean". No HighRoll.java included in git.

